you
I'll I mellow rate that's
getting kinda old so well
chop it up into little pieces
music for charm Kalan
compass like something I hope
this guy's in Accomack
you carry hang out i coming off
about
there's nobody here allies gonna
come right down
mean he could turn you can go
the other way mean I'm on a car
on the fast ground so
I really can't deliver he really
should be turned the other way
or call me on the radio
the beneficiary right now
David A officials at I wanna
as a hot dish do whatever 140
here at 1:30
reported he is a job for me some
choc
I'm he still there
I want wise guys gonna pick it
up though rankers with lies in
water
and is a drag approaching us
with no intentions of changing
course
not getting can't believe this
this guy is all over us come on
just any bobbitt I just out on
the a to head that way I
now I gotta finish here we got
that yeah
but the big one
these late-season fish those in
a fish that bring in the big
money
the station been around their
fattened up so it's important to
land one
I come right down on it
like say
present by
here
K for the hell
to get away from go the but yeah